How is the doctor?
Hahaha, it's no big deal.
The old man pricked him up with a needle
That's it, haha, that's great.
Grandpa, you're awake
child
I think you should continue to pee and mud pills.
Like this.
Don't participate in the matter of seeing a doctor and saving people in the future
Grandpa, you still miss the bridge
He almost hit you over the head with a hammer
What!
He's just getting revenge on you
Angel, I really want to save you
But this genius
Not good, the broken air has spread
I didn't expect you to dare to assassinate me
It seems that it is not enough for the old man to ban you.
I will completely ban you in Hangzhou
Ah!
Tip you what's wrong
What's the situation?
I don't know what's going on.
Ah!
What bridge are you doing? How dare you hit an angel?
Throw him down the stairs for me
You will avenge your kindness
I save people, you all throw me down
Throw you to me, squat down